.\" manpage for coinget
.TH COINGET 1 "2018" "" "coinget man page"
.SH NAME
coinget \- display values and ranking of your favorite cryptos in terminal

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B coinget [\fB\-?V\fR] [\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-\-usage\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR]

.B coinget [\fB\-n\fR]
.B list [\fB\-c\fR \fISYM\fR] [\fB\-i\fR \fISYM\fR] [\fB\-l\fR \fINUM\fR] [\fB\-s\fR \fINUM\fR]
[\fB\-\-convert\fR \fISYM\fR]
[\fB\-\-coin-id\fR  \fISYM\fR]
[\fB\-\-limit\fR \fINUM\fR]
[\fB\-\-start\fR \fINUM\fR]
.IR [CRYPTO\-IDs]

.B coinget [\fB\-n\fR]
.B stats [\fB\-c\fR \fISYM\fR] [\fB\-\-convert\fR \fISYM\fR]

.B coinget [\fB\-n\fR]
.B portfolio [\fB\-p\fR \fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-portfolio\fR \fIFILE\fR] [\fIFILE\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B coinget
displays ranking, price and market change in 1 day and 1 week.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-convert =\fICUR\fR " [USD]"
Set the currency to display value.
When no option is given it defaults to USD.
Available values are AUD, BRL, CAD, CHF, CLP, CNY, CZK, DKK, EUR, GBP, HKD, HUF, IDR, ILS, INR, JPY, KRW, MXN, MYR, NOK, NZD, PHP, PKR, PLN, RUB, SEK, SGD, THB, TRY, TWD, ZAR.

.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-coin\-id =\fIID\fR " []"
Display a specific crypto.
This argument can be given multiple times to display multiple specific cryptos.
Default is none.

.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-limit =\fINUM\fR " [25]"
limit amount of cryptos shown.
Default is 25.

.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-no\-color
Disable color output.

.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-start =\fINUM\fR " [0]"
Start displaying from given rank number.
Default is 0.

.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-portfolio =\fIFILE\fR " []"
Use specified file as a portfolio.

.TP
.BR \-? ", " \-\-help
Give help list.

.TP
.BR  "    " \-\-usage
Give a short usage message.

.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print program version

.SH FILES
.TP
.BR ~/.coins
default location for the portfolio file if not specified.
The first line of this file must be a currency. The next lines then describe the coin name, amount and investment in given currency separated by spaces.
A portfolio file could like this:

.EX
EUR
bitcoin 1.0001 100
ripple 20.2 20
litecoin 20 20
garlicoin 0.1 0.01
.EE

.SH BUGS
report bugs to
.UR https://github.com/Olavhaasie/coinget/issues
.UE

.SH AUTHOR
Olavhaasie
.UR https://github.com/Olavhaasie
.UE

